docs: configuration admonitions (#13295)
facebook/jest: docs/Configuration.md

### `coverageProvider` \[string]

> Indicates which provider should be used to instrument code for coverage. Allowed values are `babel` (default) or `v8`. :::note

Author: Added in other files.

> Using `v8` is considered experimental. This uses V8's builtin code coverage rather than one based on Babel. It is not as well tested, and it has also improved in the last few releases of Node. Using the latest versions of node (v14 at the time of this writing) will yield better results.

Reviewer: Just like in CLI docs, I think this can be skipped in latest version.

Indicates which provider should be used to instrument code for coverage. Allowed values are `babel` (default) or `v8`.

> ### `coverageReporters` \[array&lt;string | \[string, options]&gt;]

Reviewer 2: Muah

:::info

> If you also have specified [`rootDir`](#rootdir-string) that the resolution of this file will be relative to that root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you also have specified [`rootDir`](#rootdir-string), the resolution of this file will be relative to that root directory.
```

}
```

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
```

Both `jest-environment-jsdom` and `jest-environment-node` allow specifying `customExportConditions`, which allow you to control which versions of a library are loaded from `exports` in `package.json`. `jest-environment-jsdom` defaults to `['browser']`. `jest-environment-node` defaults to `['node', 'node-addons']`.

> These options can also be passed in a docblock, similar to `testEnvironment`.
> 
> :::note
> 
> It must be parseable by `JSON.parse`. Example:

Reviewer: In this case I would not split the paragraph. For my eye, here the example belongs to the option documentation, not just to this sentence.

```suggestion
These options can also be passed in a docblock, similar to `testEnvironment`. The string with options must be parseable by `JSON.parse`:
```

});
```

> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

An array of regexp pattern strings that are matched against all modules before the module loader will automatically return a mock for them. If a module's path matches any of the patterns in this list, it will not be automatically mocked by the module loader.

This is useful for some commonly used 'utility' modules that are almost always used as implementation details almost all the time (like `underscore`, `lodash`, etc). It's generally a best practice to keep this list as small as possible and always use explicit `jest.mock()`/`jest.unmock()` calls in individual tests. Explicit per-test setup is far easier for other readers of the test to reason about the environment the test will run in.

It is possible to override this setting in individual tests by explicitly calling `jest.mock()` at the top of the test file.

### `verbose` \[boolean]

Default: `false` or `true` if there is only one test file to run

Indicates whether each individual test should be reported during the run. All errors will also still be shown on the bottom after execution.

> 
> :::note
> 
> If there is only one test file being run it will default to `true`.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: This was moved, so now can be deleted.

```suggestion
```

An array of regexp pattern strings that are matched against all modules before the module loader will automatically return a mock for them. If a module's path matches any of the patterns in this list, it will not be automatically mocked by the module loader.

This is useful for some commonly used 'utility' modules that are almost always used as implementation details almost all the time (like `underscore`, `lodash`, etc). It's generally a best practice to keep this list as small as possible and always use explicit `jest.mock()`/`jest.unmock()` calls in individual tests. Explicit per-test setup is far easier for other readers of the test to reason about the environment the test will run in.

It is possible to override this setting in individual tests by explicitly calling `jest.mock()` at the top of the test file.

### `verbose` \[boolean]

> Default: `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default: `false` or `true` if there is only one test file to run
```

Indicates whether each individual test should be reported during the run. All errors will also still be shown on the bottom after execution.

> 
> :::note
> 
> If there is only one test file being run it will default to `true`.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

An array of regexp pattern strings that are matched against all modules before the module loader will automatically return a mock for them. If a module's path matches any of the patterns in this list, it will not be automatically mocked by the module loader.

> This is useful for some commonly used 'utility' modules that are almost always used as implementation details almost all the time (like underscore/lo-dash, etc). It's generally a best practice to keep this list as small as possible and always use explicit `jest.mock()`/`jest.unmock()` calls in individual tests. Explicit per-test setup is far easier for other readers of the test to reason about the environment the test will run in.

Reviewer: NPM module name is [`lodash`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lodash):

```suggestion
This is useful for some commonly used 'utility' modules that are almost always used as implementation details almost all the time (like `underscore`, `lodash`, etc). It's generally a best practice to keep this list as small as possible and always use explicit `jest.mock()`/`jest.unmock()` calls in individual tests. Explicit per-test setup is far easier for other readers of the test to reason about the environment the test will run in.
```
